# Hello-World
Hello Earthlings!! This is Just a Test!
#My name is Ian McCollum and I hail from Salem (the capital) of Oregon. I hold a 2 year degree in Science and a hand full of certs in CS.
#The last three years I have been a full time dad to my 3 year old daughter Bria. Before that I was a Computer Operator at a hospital
#performing nightly tape backups (yes, they still use those). I donated to Humble Bundle and got some AWESOME python and deep/machine
#learning books and videos and I plan to continue the programming adventure! I like to produce music (I have taken a couple of classes in 
#Sonic Arts and am currently enrolled in one now). I just had my 37th birthday and got a very genrous family gift... a new computer, well 
#two this year. My lovely wife went in on a Lenovo Legion gaming/content creation with my mother. I decided not to build this one as the
#last time I built around Intel/Asus/Nvidia SLI and had to reformat too many times. I do hold an expired A+ and graduated the Cisco 
#Networking CCNA Adademy so I felt like I was capable. Lets just say I am very pleased to have a 3 year on site plan with Lenovo. With the 
#student discount it was a great deal. I have been attached to computers since I was three and my dad brought home an IBM PCjr. We had
#a 386, and a 486sx as well as a pentium 90. Then for high school graduation my grilrfiends Intel excutive dad got me a P3750. Needed a #laptiop in CS so I got the first mobile 64bit AMD Ferrari laptop. After a few years I got my first Refurbished Xeon workstation. Then #another Used duel Xeon. Then I built the Asus I talked about earlier. Wife got me a E570 ThinkPad i5 that I upgraded to 20gb of RAM (thats #what i am typing on now) being pleased with Lenovo I finally got the Leigon that I have only had a couple of weeks. The 2nd computer I got #for my birthday is the Nvidia Jetson. 100% GPU computer. I have used the Intel Galliao and had fun but I am really excited about the #jetson. I have taken 140U Unix, 151 Intro to CS, 160 Programming, 161 Java 1, 154 Game development and Ed2go JAVA 1 and C++. I still feel #like a novice as I have not collabrated on any large projects or used my skills in commercially. But I enjoy programming and electronics. #I have tried made it to Calculus 1 and dropped or incomplete 3 times. I have had two tutors. I feel like I hit a wall. I love programming #and computers but Mathematics get me. I will continue to do what I can with what skills I possess. I am honored to be a member of GitHub. #At Oregon State University the instructors talked about how they used it to parttake in the 12 pushes of Christmas. I may not be a super #nerd but in my heart I will always be a quasinerd.
